# npm Code of Conduct

npm exists to facilitate sharing code, by making it easy for
JavaScript module developers to publish and distribute packages.

npm is as much a community as it is a piece of technology, if not
moreso.

We believe that our mission is best served in an environment that is
friendly, safe, and accepting; free from intimidation or harassment.

Towards this end, certain behaviors and practices will not be
tolerated.

## tl;dr

* Be nice.
* Abusive behavior is not ever tolerated.
* Data published to npm is hosted at the pleasure of the service
  administrators, and may be removed.
* Violations of this code may result in swift and permanent expulsion
  from the npm community.

## Scope

We expect all members of the npm community, including paid and unpaid
agents, administrators, and users, and customers of npm, Inc., to
abide by this Code of Conduct at all times in all npm community
venues, online and in person, and in one-on-one communications
pertaining to npm business.

This policy covers the usage of the npm registry, as well as the npm
website, npm related events, and any other services offered by or on
behalf of npm, Inc. (collectively, the "Service").  It also applies to
behavior in the context of the npm Open Source project communities,
including but not limited to public GitHub repositories, IRC channels,
mailing lists, and public events.

This Code of Conduct is in addition to, and does not in any way
nullify or invalidate, any other terms or conditions related to use of
the Service.

The definitions of various subjective terms such as "discriminatory",
"hateful", or "confusing" will be decided at the sole discretion of
the npm administrators.

## Friendly Harassment-Free Space

There is never a good reason to be rude to other users.

We are committed to providing a friendly, safe and welcoming
environment for all, regardless of gender, sexual orientation,
disability, ethnicity, religion, or similar personal characteristic.

Respect that people have differences of opinion and that every design
or implementation choice carries a trade-off and numerous costs. There
is seldom a right answer.

On IRC, please avoid using overtly sexual nicknames or other nicknames
that might detract from a friendly, safe and welcoming environment for
all.

Harassing other users of the Service is never tolerated, whether via
public or private media.

Harassment includes: harmful or prejudicial verbal or written comments
related to gender, sexual orientation, race, religion, disability;
inappropriate use of nudity and/or sexual images in public spaces
(including presentation slides); threats of physical or non-physical
harm; deliberate intimidation, stalking or following; harassing
photography or recording; sustained disruption of talks or other
events; inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome sexual
attention.

Disputes must be handled respectfully, according to the terms
described in the npm Dispute Resolution document.

Any spamming, trolling, flaming, baiting, or other attention-stealing
behaviour is not welcome, and will not be tolerated.

## Acceptable Package Content

Packages published to the Service must be created using the npm
command-line client, or a functionally equivalent implementation.  For
example, a "package" must not be a PNG or JPEG image, movie file, text
document.  Using the Service as a personal general-purpose database is
also not allowed for this reason.  Packages should be npm packages,
and nothing else.

Packages must contain some functionality.  "Squatting", that is,
publishing an empty package to "reserve" a name, is not allowed.

Packages must not contain illegal content.  This includes content
which violates software license agreements or other intellectual
property restrictions.  For example, redistributing an MIT-licensed
module with the copyright notice removed, would not be allowed.

Packages must not be malware.  A package which is designed to exploit
or damage the machine on which it is installed, is not allowed.

Package name, description, and other visible metadata must not include
abusive, inappropriate, or harassing content.

## Consequences

All content published to the Service is hosted at the sole discretion
of the npm administrators.

Unacceptable behavior from any community member, including sponsors
and those with decision-making authority, will not be tolerated.

Anyone asked to stop unacceptable behavior is expected to comply
immediately.

If a community member engages in unacceptable behavior, the npm
administrators may take any action they deem appropriate, up to and
including a temporary ban or permanent expulsion from the community
without warning (and without refund in the case of a paid event or
service).

## Addressing Grievances

If you feel you have been falsely or unfairly accused of violating
this Code of Conduct, you should notify npm, Inc.  We will do our best
to ensure that your grievance is handled appropriately.

In general, we will choose the course of action that we judge as being
most in the interest of fostering a safe and friendly community.

## Contact Info

Please contact <abuse@npmjs.com> if you need to report a problem or
address a grievance related to an abuse report.

If this is the initial report of a problem, please include as much
detail as possible.  It is easiest for us to address issues when we
have more context.

## Credit and License

This Code of Conduct borrows heavily from the Stumptown Syndicate
[Citizen's Code of Conduct](http://citizencodeofconduct.org/), and the
[Rust Project Code of
Conduct](https://github.com/mozilla/rust/wiki/Note-development-policy#conduct).

This document may be reused under a [Creative Commons
Attribution-ShareAlike
License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/).

## Changes

* `2014-05-11` First draft
