# Copyright Policy

We take notices of potential copyright infringement seriously.  If a
user or other party has alleged that material on the npm website is
infringing a copyright of such party or another third-party, the
notice should be forwarded immediately to <abuse@npmjs.com>, who will
work with legal counsel to resolve the dispute.  If legal determines
the notice satisfies all requirements under the United States Digital
Millennium Copyright Act, then access to the allegedly infringing
material must be promptly removed or disabled.  We will then make a
good faith effort to give notice of the claimed infringement to the
user that posted the allegedly infringing material.

## How to Report Infringement

We respect the intellectual property of others and ask that you do
too. If you believe any package or other materials available through
the Service violates a copyright held by you and you would like to
submit a notice pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act or
other similar international law, you can submit a notice to our agent
for service of notice at:

Abuse Team  
npm, Inc.  
1999 Harrison St, Ste 1150  
Oakland CA 94612 USA  
+1-510-858-7608  
<abuse@npmjs.com>

Please make sure your notice meets the Digital Millennium Copyright
Act requirements.

Please note that a copy of each legal notice we receive is also sent
to Chilling Effects <https://www.chillingeffects.org> for publication
(with any user's personal information removed).

## How npm Responds to Notices

If the posting user objects to removal of the material, such user may
file a counter notice.  If we receive a counter notice from such user
meeting the requirements of the DMCA, we will use good faith efforts
to notify the complainant of such counter notice reinstate access to
the material within 10-14 business days unless the complainant
notifies us that it has filed a lawsuit against the allegedly
infringing user. If we do not receive a counter notice from such
user within 10 business days of giving notice of the claimed
infringement, we reserve the right to permanently delete the material
at issue.

We will terminate the accounts of users who are repeat infringers.
Note, npm cannot provide legal advice to users (whether making a
complaint or defending against a complaint), and we should ask users
with legal questions to seek an attorney.
